neighborhood an attempt to
escape yet another air strike on a Shaya
neighborhood in Northern
Gaza many here have fled multiple times
and are forced to leave
again they remember the Spate of
killings and starvation that marked the
previous Israeli military
operations but nowhere in Gaza is
safe some people in including children
were killed at the United Nations run
School Israeli bombs claimed more
Palestinians as they fled Shia is in the
east of Gaza City near the Israeli
fence this woman doesn't know where to
go she has five children who she says
are hungry and
thirsty I am telling the world to keep
enjoying the scenes of Terror here in
Gaza to keep enjoying their support for
Israelis and to keep enjoying putting us
under the siege forever almighty God
is enough for us and God is the best
disposer of all
Affairs Vehicles like this are useless
because Israel has cut off fuel supplies
there are no emergency response to Crews
here repeated bombardments and
incursions have left no roads hospitals
or
facilities we woke up terrified by the S
artill Shing I kept screaming for a long
time God will deal with the Israelis we
have nothing to eat and we can't carry
anything with us
thousand of people stream out of sh some
here say Israeli troops are
advancing I collected wood to cook for
the children the indiscriminate chilling
hit everything without warning it isn't
fair most of the victims are women and
children I swear to God these are war
crimes enough is enough people are
killed and wounded for trying to find
food for the children we are deprived of
food water and basic necessities and we
are being targeted by missiles and
artillery shells where's the world where
are the Arabs and where are the
Muslims a question that has it could
across Gaza for nearly n
months we are the people of Gaza I am
Abu Rami from Shaya we are the people we
are the owners of this land we are the
heroes the displ people of gods have
reiterated that they are survivors as
once again they are forced to flee to an
area which might come under Israeli
attack H Mahmud Al jaaz from the central
Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer